docs: reposition Olares as sovereign cloud OS for local AI (#762)
beclab/Olares: README.md

  
## Introduction

Convert your hardware into an AI home server with Olares, an open-source sovereign cloud OS built for local AI. 

- **Run leading AI models on your term**s: Effortlessly host powerful open AI models like LLaMA, Stable Diffusion, Whisper, and Flux.1 directly on your hardware, giving you full control over your AI environment.

> - **Deploy with ease**: Discover and install a wide range of open-source AI apps from Olares Market in a few clicks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deploy with ease**: Discover and install a wide range of open-source AI apps from Olares Market in a few clicks. No more complicated configuration or setup.
```

## Feature comparison

> As an open-source sovereign cloud OS for local AI, Olares reimagines what’s possible in self-hosting. To help you understand how Olares stands out in the landscape, we've created a comparison table that highlights its features alongside those of other selfhosting solutions in the market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an open-source sovereign cloud OS for local AI, Olares reimagines what’s possible in self-hosting. To help you understand how Olares stands out in the landscape, we’ve created a comparison table that highlights its features alongside those of other selfhosting solutions in the market.
```
